HIP Documentation Refactor to incorporate new diataxis based organization and collecting other stale doc PRs (#3350)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/old/reference/kernel_language.rst

Only use ``warpSize`` built-ins in device functions, and don't assume ``warpSize`` to be a compile-time
constant.

Note that assembly kernels may be built for a warp size that is different from the default.

Warp vote and ballot functions
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. code:: cpp

  int __all(int predicate)
  int __any(int predicate)
  uint64_t __ballot(int predicate)

Threads in a warp are referred to as *lanes* and are numbered from 0 to :math:` warpSize - 1`. Each
warp lane contributes 1 minus the bit value (the predicate), which is efficiently broadcast to all lanes in
the warp.

The 32-bit int predicate from each lane reduces to a 1-bit value of 0 (predicate = 0) or 1
(predicate != 0). To get a summary view of the predicates that are contributed by other warp lanes, you
can use:

* ``__any()``: Returns 1 if any warp lane contributes a nonzero predicate, otherwise it returns 0
* ``__all()``: Returns 1 if all other warp lanes contribute nonzero predicates, otherwise it returns 0

To determine if the target platform supports the any/all instruction, you can use the ``hasWarpVote``

> device property or the ``HIP_ARCH_HAS_WARP_VOTE`` compiler definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
device property or the ``HIP_ARCH_HAS_WARP_VOTE`` header file macro definition.
```
I think this is the more formal term, I would consult with @MathiasMagnus or @gargrahul .

https://github.com/ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP/blob/481fc5fcec1bb2a49b17a1b96454bc8b019329e0/include/hip/hip_common.h#L81

## C++ Support
The following C++ features are not supported:
- Run-time-type information (RTTI)
- Try/catch
- Virtual functions
Virtual functions are not supported if objects containing virtual function tables are passed between GPU's of different offload arch's, e.g. between gfx906 and gfx1030. Otherwise virtual functions are supported.

## Kernel Compilation
hipcc now supports compiling C++/HIP kernels to binary code objects.
The file format for binary is `.co` which means Code Object. The following command builds the code object using `hipcc`.

`hipcc --genco --offload-arch=[TARGET GPU] [INPUT FILE] -o [OUTPUT FILE]`

```
[TARGET GPU] = GPU architecture
[INPUT FILE] = Name of the file containing kernels
[OUTPUT FILE] = Name of the generated code object file
```

Note: When using binary code objects is that the number of arguments to the kernel is different on HIP-Clang and NVCC path. Refer to the sample in samples/0_Intro/module_api for differences in the arguments to be passed to the kernel.

## gfx-arch-specific-kernel

> Clang defined '__gfx*__' macros can be used to execute gfx arch specific codes inside the kernel. Refer to the sample 14_gpu_arch in samples/2_Cookbook.

Reviewer: @MathiasMagnus I think we have newer examples available for this now. is that right?
